hey what's up everyone my name is motoki
how're you guys doing today you guys are
joining me in my room yeah I have one of
those the room that I usually film in is
actually my guest bedroom but um nobody
cares cool let's move on for this video
I'm gonna be talking about school mm-hmm
so much fun
ah let's be real for a second okay
school sucks like a lot but there are
some things about school that are uh not
so bad just to make it clear though
reasons to hate school reasons to like
school but let's be positive thinkers
right now I'm a senior in high school so
I've had a lot of years had a lot of
experience I'm basically the principal
you know whatever people that have
already graduated always told me that
school goes by super fast and to enjoy
it while I can
so uh let's do that I'm gonna be
listening off some things that make
school not so bad and things to remember
throughout the school year what is that
what what are you doing get off me get
off me all right so something to keep in
mind is that school is great because it
helps us learn now I know that's obvious
okay but seriously without it we would
be idiots we all hate stupid people just
imagine how worse it would be without
school ah no thank you
now I get that some classes that we have
to take our super unnecessary like no
one needs to know about the quadratic
formula or the periodic table of
elephants or whatever but really school
is a huge learning experience for a lot
of things not just academically but
socially too during the school year try
your best to take advantage of all the
extracurricular activities that you can
so I'm talking theater speech club's
football soccer volleyball even if
you're not in them I personally think
it's still fun to go watch and support
whenever I can get involved make friends
don't be afraid to just get in there
get in there you get in there you guys I
think the biggest reason why school is
fun is because of the friends that you
have there unless you don't have friends
in which case loser not cook school lets
you chill with friends that you might
not see as often because of everyone's
different schedules something I wish
someone would have told me earlier is
that you shouldn't worry about your
grades too much they matter of course do
as well as you can
but don't stress over I had straight A's
my first two years of high school and
then my third year I got a B huh and of
course my mom thought my life was over I
should drop out of high school blah blah
blah but honestly I couldn't have been
happier I didn't have to worry about
keeping straight A's anymore just
remember if you didn't get the grades
that you wanted it's not the end of the
world the best advice that I can give to
anyone watching is to stop caring so
much don't sweat the small stuff like
popularity or being liked by everyone it
doesn't matter
seriously school is way too short for
you to be paranoid about what people
think of you now I'm not saying it's
okay for you to be an asshole and hate
everyone I'm saying just don't act
differently for anyone but you wear what
you want you know don't feel pressured
to wear something because other people
are wearing it you do what you want to
do if you want to wear sweatpants
everyday wear sweatpants if you want to
wear yoga pants wear yoga pants I hear
they're super comfy not that I would
know I never were worn them before net
but I I can't stress enough for you to
do you and to not let other people's
opinions hold you back for example
school dances my favorite thing ever
by the way most people are just standing
around doing nothing but me I'm up in
the center just busting out my moves mmm
Chu I don't what am i doing always have
fun be outgoing try not to be so
self-conscious if you're ever afraid of
looking dumb in front of other people
don't because those people are probably
too busy worrying about looking dumb in
front of you does that make sense do you
know I'm saying yeah you know I'll say
yeah you're not talking about you know
it's a pretty important thing to do
every day is to keep a positive outlook
on school because if you go into each
day thinking about how much you hate
school you're gonna hate school I'm
really bad at that so this year I've
been trying to think about how school
isn't so bad and uh so far I uh I still
hate school so never mind
howling doesn't work maybe it'll work
for you though doesn't hurt to try all
right so that's all that I have
hopefully school will now suck less for
you just do your best to not let school
get you down
think about the good stuff ignore
everything else okay so if you enjoyed
the video please give me a thumbs up and
leave me a comment because I read all of
them honestly I have nothing else better
to do
also don't forget to add me on snapchat
Twitter Instagram all that stuff links
in the description we can talk be
friends and stuff thank you guys so much
for watching I'll see you guys soon
just do your best to not let school get
you down
think about the good stuff ignore
everything else especially the basic
because those guys haha what